Multi-target latency monitor.

Continuously pings every target, and shows per-target statistics, a per-target
sparkline, a shared log-scale time graph, and a log of loss/spike events.

    latency [-i SECONDS] [-c SECONDS] [host ...]

Keys while running: up/down (or k/j) picks the target the graph brings to the
front - up from the first target and down from the last put it back to
drawing every target alike, as does esc - i cycles the ping
interval (0.2/0.5/1/2/5s, applied to running pings immediately), g cycles the
column aggregation, c cycles seconds per graph column, comma opens settings, q
quits.

-i sets the ping interval. -g picks how samples sharing a column combine
(median, mean, min, max, p95; median by default, because latency is
right-skewed and a mean lets one spike misrepresent the whole block).
-c sets how many seconds each graph column covers;
the default of one column per ping gives the smoothest motion, while a larger
value trades that for a longer visible history.

Traffic cost: one 98-byte frame each way per target per interval. At the 1.0s
default with 4 targets that is ~0.8 KB/s (~2.8 MB/hour).

Measures THIS host -> each target. It cannot measure target-to-target legs;
that needs a probe running on the far end.

The shared graph is drawn on a braille dot canvas rather than one character
per sample, so it holds twice the history and reads as a line rather than a
column of marks. Targets share the one chart, so the selected row is drawn
last and at full strength while the rest are mixed toward the background:
where two traces cross, the colour goes to the one being looked at rather
than to whichever sits lower in the table. The others stay drawn rather than
hidden, because a chart that showed one target at a time would answer a
different question. The per-target sparkline is still one character per ping.

ctrl-y and ctrl-e scroll the view a line at a time, as in vim, and the
mouse wheel does the same. They move the pane and never the selection,
which is what the arrows are for.
