Everything running under a Luvus session, and who needs a human.

Five sections are always there, and IDLE is a sixth when idle panes are
shown and present. AGENTS lists the coding agents Luvus recognises with the
lifecycle state it reports, ordered so the ones wanting a human come first.
TASKS and LEASES are the coordination Luvus does and Herdr has no equivalent
for: claimable units of work, and the file paths an unfinished task has
reserved; the TASKS heading also says whether anything is ready to claim,
because a list with three tasks in it and nothing claimable are different
sentences. RESUMABLE lists agent sessions no pane is holding. PANES lists
every other pane doing something. IDLE, when [i] has not hidden it and the
session has panes at a prompt, is its own section.

RESUMABLE counts the whole machine, not this session: `luvus agent sessions`
answers for every session on the box, and most of them are usually in
directories no workspace has open. The heading says how many are in a
workspace this session has open, and each row says which it is.

The line under the session says what the focused workspace's checkout looks
like - its branch, how far it is from its upstream, how many entries are
changed, and how many worktrees the repository has. It covers that one
workspace and names it, because `luvus git status` and `luvus worktree list`
take no workspace argument and answer for whichever workspace the session is
focused on. Entries rather than files: git reports a wholly untracked
directory as one entry.

A Luvus client, not a general agent monitor. Every figure comes from the
session's own Universal Harness Protocol 1.0 answers: the pane inventory from
`luvus uhp snapshot`, the agents from `luvus agent list --json`, the two
coordination sections from `luvus task list --json` and `luvus lease list --json`, claimable
work from `luvus task next`, resumable sessions from `luvus agent sessions`,
and the focused checkout from `luvus git status` and `luvus worktree list`.

On a machine hosting several workspaces, agents finish or get stuck in places
you are not currently looking. This lists every agent with the state Luvus
reports, worst first:

    blocked   waiting on an approval or a question, right now
    done      finished work you have not looked at yet
    working   busy
    idle      ready for input
    unknown   an agent is present and Luvus classified it as none of those

Each agent also carries how long it has held that state, and how the state was
decided - an integration's report and a reading off screen text are different
strengths of claim and the screen does not flatten them into one word. A
duration is prefixed with the greater-or-equal sign when the state was already
in place before this tool started, since then it is only a lower bound.

Zero tasks and zero leases are the normal state of most sessions and read as
an answer. A source that did not come back says so instead, on its own row.

    luvus-panes [-n SECONDS]

Keys: arrows select, and tab jumps to the head of the next section, wrapping
through IDLE when that section is on screen. ctrl-y and ctrl-e scroll the
window a row at a time, as does the mouse wheel, and neither touches the
selection. enter focuses the selected pane so you jump straight to whatever
needs you, e explains the selected agent, i shows or hides the idle section
(and with it, whether tab can land there), r refreshes now, comma opens
settings, q quits.
Pressing e opens the evidence behind the selected agent's row: how its
identity and its state were decided, how strong each of those claims is,
and - when it is blocked - what luvus says it is waiting for. That last one
is the question a blocked row cannot answer on its own. It also shows what
the pane currently has on screen. The panel is read-only; it never answers
the prompt it is showing you. esc closes it, as does a second e.

Requires the `luvus` command; it reads a running session over UHP.
