How good the connection is between here and whoever is connected to it.

Every other network widget in this repo measures a path it chose - ping these
hosts, watch that tailnet. This one measures the path *you* are on: the TCP
socket carrying your session, as the kernel already sees it.

Nothing is sent. Linux `ss -tin` and macOS `nettop` report what the kernel has
measured for each established socket: round-trip time and its variance, the
best round trip it has ever seen, and retransmissions. Linux also exposes the
delivery rate it actually achieved; macOS labels that field unavailable.

    link [-n SECONDS]

Sessions are every established connection into a port this machine listens on,
which is SSH and anything else that accepts terminals.

w cycles how much time the chart covers - a minute, five, fifteen, an hour.
Past a minute there are more samples than columns, so each column becomes the
median of its slice: a spike is still counted in the worst column and on the
detail screen, but the line itself smooths. Look at a stall on the short
window.

Keys: up/down move the selection, and pressing up on the first session or
down on the last clears it, which puts the chart back to drawing every
session alike. Right or enter opens the selected one; left or esc comes back.
On that screen up/down scroll it and n/p step to the next or previous
session without returning to the list. w changes the span, o toggles idle
sessions, r refreshes, comma opens settings, q quits.

The chart is drawn on a braille dot canvas rather than one character per
sample, so it reads as a line rather than a column of marks. Sessions share
the one chart, so the selected row is drawn last and at full strength while
the rest are mixed toward the background: where two traces cross, the colour
goes to the one being looked at rather than to whichever sits lower in the
list. The others stay drawn rather than hidden, because a chart that showed
one session at a time would answer a different question.

ctrl-y and ctrl-e scroll the view a line at a time, as in vim, and the
mouse wheel does the same. They move the pane and never the selection,
which is what the arrows are for.
